QUICK BITES, ENDLESS DELIGHTS
Taste the magic of El Afrik
Let’s Go
Let’s get started!
Login to satisfy your cravings
Log in
Sign Up
Create Account
Full name
First name
Last name
Email address
Clear
Date Of Birth
Clear
Location
Contact
Password
Confirm Password
or
Login Account
Glad to meet  you again!
Email address Or Phone number
Password
Forgot the password?
Forgot Password
Select the contact method we should use to reset your password
via Email:
Verify
Code has been send to
Resend code in
Confirm
Create New Password
Enter Your New Password
Confirm Your New Password
Wish List
History
Settings
Reward
Promotion & Events
Special Promos
Catering Reservation
Birthday Reward
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Log Out
Search...
Buy Now
Categories
View All
El Afrik Top Flavours
View All
Home
Order
QR Sc
Cart
Profile
About
Read More
Buy Now
Add to cart
Recommended For You
See All
Filters
Spicy
Vegan
Halal
Price
Apply
Order Completed
Name:
Contact No:
Address:
Delivery Date:
Delivery Time:
Your order has been completed
Rate El Afrik
Back to Home
Order
Ongoing
Delivered
Canceled
Amount:
Quantity :
View rider's location
Complete
Order History
Ratings
Reviews
Tell us about your El Afrik experience
Share Review
Order details
Add More
Sub-Total
Delivery Charge
Discount
Total
Place My Order
Delivery
Pickup
Deliveries
Pickup Location
Delivery Location
What you are sending
Recipient contact number
Fee:
Pickup image(s)
View Map Route
Thank You! Order Completed
Check out
Delivery Address
Edit Address
Payment Option
Card
Delivery Fee:
Check out
Payment
Name
Card Number
Expired Date
CVV
Total
Transaction Successful
Thank you for your purchase
Total Pay
Total Top Up
You earned
View Reward
Close
Edit Address
Write your name
Contact No
write your address
Confirm
Email
Save
Wish List
Total Products:
Delivery Fee :
Price:
Date:
Complete
History Details
Pending
Products
Payment Option
Cash on Delivery
Sub Total
Delivery Fee
Notification
Privacy Policy
When you use our App, we collect and store your personal information which is provided by you from time to time. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our website to make your experience safer and easier. More importantly, while doing so, we collect personal information from you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.    Below are some of the ways in which we collect and store your information:   We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you. We also store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Chaldal.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Chaldal.com on other websites. When signing up via Facebook, we collect your Name and Email (provided by Facebook) as part of your Chaldal account Information. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Chaldal if your computer supports such capabilities.  Changes To Your Information:  The information you provide us isn’t set in stone. You may review, update, correct or delete the personal information in your profile at any time.   If you would like us to remove your information from our records, please create a request at the Contact Us page.  To Delete your Facebook login, visit the Contact Us page while logged in via Facebook. You should see a "Delete Facebook Login" option to create a request to remove Facebook login from your account.  Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.   We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Chaldal.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Terms & Conditions
When you use our App, we collect and store your personal information which is provided by you from time to time. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our website to make your experience safer and easier. More importantly, while doing so, we collect personal information from you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.    Below are some of the ways in which we collect and store your information:   We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you. We also store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Chaldal.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Chaldal.com on other websites. When signing up via Facebook, we collect your Name and Email (provided by Facebook) as part of your Chaldal account Information. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Chaldal if your computer supports such capabilities.  Changes To Your Information:  The information you provide us isn’t set in stone. You may review, update, correct or delete the personal information in your profile at any time.   If you would like us to remove your information from our records, please create a request at the Contact Us page.  To Delete your Facebook login, visit the Contact Us page while logged in via Facebook. You should see a "Delete Facebook Login" option to create a request to remove Facebook login from your account.  Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.   We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Chaldal.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Setting
Change Password
Delete Account
Current Password
New Password
Confirm Password
Continue
Warning
Are you sure you want to permanently delete your account? This action cannot be undone.
Cancel
Confirm
Success
Your account has been deleted successfully.
OK
Success
Silver
Titanium
Gold
Platinum
Validity :
Using available points will not affect the level progression
Rewards
Claim
Point History
How it Works
1. Earn points on every order
Every time you place an order, you earn loyalty points based on the order amount.
2. Redeem points for rewards
Use your points to unlock discounts, free delivery, cashback, or special offers.
3. More ways to earn
Bonus points on special events, referrals, and festive campaigns.
VIP EVENTS
Available Points
Last Update
Earned
Used
Expired
Reward Unlocked!
You’ve earned a new reward for your loyalty.
Use Now
Promotions & Events
El Afrik Weekend Special
View
Special Promos
Holiday
Weekend
Limited
Free Item
About
A delectable and aromatic Indian classic, Chicken Biryani is a flavorful rice dish that harmoniously blends tender chicken pieces with fragrant basmati rice. This dish is a symphony of spice...
Read More
Buy Now
Recommended For You
See All
(Discount / Free item / Coupon)
Happy Birthday!
Birthday Gift Just For you !
Enjoy a Free Dessert !
Valid for
Claim Reward
Your Birthday Reward is ready to use!
Reward
Happy Birthday! Do you want to claim your birthday reward now?
Reward info
Clam Now
Cancel
Catering Reservation
Catering Reservation
Book catering for events, parties & gatherings
Minimum order for catering starts from
We provide catering for up to
Reservation Form:
Full Name
Phone Number
Email
Event Date
Select Date
Number Of Guests
Address/Location
Food Package
Standard
Premium
Custom
Write Special Instructions
Requesting Catering
Your Catering request has been submitted
We Well Contact You Soon.
Reward Details
Scan QR Code
Point your camera at a QR code and capture it.
Upload From Gallery
Warning
Are you sure you want to change your password?
Contact Support
Back to Login
No Reward Yet
Start Ordering to earn loyalty Points.
Browse Menu
Item Out of Stock
This item is currently unavailable
See Similar Items
Back to Menu
No Menu Available
We couldn’t load the items....
Retry
Back to Home
No Internet Connection